You may start from clicking Main Menu below:

[Main Menu]
- Help
- Case
- Masks
- Clinic

[Case]
1. Hong Kong COVID-19 Information

a. Latest Statistics
Know the latest COVID-19 Statistics in Hong Kong which update everyday.
		
b. List of Buildings
List all buildings with confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the past 14 days.
		
c. Quarantine Centres
Show all Quarantine Centres set up by HK Government in Hong Kong.
	
2. Worldwide COVID-19 Dashboard

Show the dashboard provided by HK Government / Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention / World Health Organization.

3. Additional Function
You can type "Case XXXX" to know the detail of probable/confirmed cases.
For example: Case 1001


[Masks]
1. Mask Brand

Introduce different types of recommended mask brand.

2. Mask Location and Wear Procedure

a. HKTVmall Online
Provide the link to buy mask online at HKTVmall.

b. Physical Store
Show the geographic location of Physical Store to buy mask.

c. How to wear mask
Play a video to teach the proper way of wear mask.


[Clinic]
1. All General Out-Patient Clinics

To display the location, contact and opening hours of all General Out-Patient Clinics.

2. Special Service Arrangement
	
a. Non-office Hours
To show the opening hours of evening, sundays & public holidays' General Out-Patient Clinics in 2020.
	
b. Re-arrangement
To show the service arrangement under the situation of Severe Respiratory Disease associated with a Novel Infectious Agent.
	
c. Extreme Weather
To show the special arrangement of General Out-Patient Clinics for Tropical Cyclone Warning / "Extreme Condition" and Rainstorm Warning.


[Other Functions]
1. Google Translate
To translate the input messages to english.
For example: 個案 = Case, 口罩 = Masks
	
2. Text Count
If you entered unscripted messages, the chatbot will count number of times for the keyword typed and tell you can read the User Guide for instruction.

3. Handling of non-text messages
You can try to send Sticker Message, Image Message, Video Message or File Message to can what happens.

